Looks like you've had your caffeine fix! Balance it out with water and breaks.
Keep in mind that while caffeine can help you stay alert, it's best enjoyed in moderation for long-term health. Have some water!
You're on track for a focused day! Just be mindful of your overall caffeine intake.
Enjoy your caffeine boost, but remember that balance is key! Take breaks, listen to your body's needs, and drink water.
Caffeine is solid for staying alert, but remember to pace yourself throughout the day, and drink more water instead.
Caffeine can provide a nice energy boost, but don't forget to take care of yourself holistically. Drink water!


Keep track of the caffeine amounts you're drinking. Caffeine can cause negative health consequences such as insomnia, headache, and gastrointestinal complaints.
Remember to limit your caffeine intake. Caffeine has influence on the central nervous system regarding brain development, calcium balance, and sleep duration.
With the amounts of caffeine intake that you have, make sure to drink at least 2 cups of water alongside each cup of coffee. Caffeine is a diuretic (dehydrates your body) to minimize dehydration.
Make sure to drink water with your coffee to eliminate caffeine crash. This occurs if you have it on an empty stomatch since caffeine is acidic.
Try to decrease the amount of caffeine you're consuming to combat negative side effects. Caffeine can cause nervousness, irritability, fast heartbeat, and muscle tremors. 
Using caffeine to mask sleep deprivation is interfering with your sleep and will contribute to more sleepless nights. Try to limit caffeine especially later in the day if possible. 
Slowly cut down on caffeine instead of abruptly decreasing as this may cause withdrawal symptoms such as headaches and difficulty focusing on tasks. 
Cut back gradually on caffeine by drinking a smaller cup of caffeine each day. 
Try to go for decaffeinated beverages instead of caffeinated ones to minimized the amount of caffeine consumed.  
Shorten the brew time to cut down on the caffeine content. 
