Try out the 20-20-20 rule: Every 20 minutes, take a 20-second break, and look at something 20 feet away. This can help reduce eye strain and alleviate the effects of prolonged screen time.
Be mindful of posture and ergonomics when using screens for extended periods!
If you experience discomfort or eye strain, it may be a sign to take a break and give your eyes a rest!
It might be time to give your eyes a screen break :)
Be sure to balance your screen time with some screen-free activities. You deserve a break!
Too much screen time can leave you feeling drained. Take a few minutes to refresh and recharge offline.
Taking breaks from screens can help boost your productivity and creativity. Give yourself permission to step away for a moment.
Remember to look up and give your eyes a break from the screen glare. Your eyes will appreciate the pause!
A quick break from screens can do wonders for your mental and physical well-being. Give it a try!
Your screen time is important, but so is taking care of yourself. Take a moment to stretch and relax away from the screen.


Too much screentime can lead to eye strain. Take a 5 minute break to let your eyes relax before resuming. This would be a good time to go outside and enjoy the nice vibes. 
Excess screentime has negative effects on sleep quality. Limit your screentime use by decreasing it by an hour. Due to the time of use with blue light and intense light emitted from the screen, your quality of sleep declines due to the delay of bedtimes causing more daytime fatigue.
Constant screentime exposure can severly affect your mental health in cases where it can increase stress and anxiety. Try to give yourself a rest and focus on improving your health by limiting the amount of screentime use.
Cortisol, a stress biomarker, is related to an increase in screentime in which 3 hours of media usage can lower cortisol surges which is detrimental to your development. Try to limit yourself to less than 3 hours of screentime use if necessary. 
If you're experiencing symptoms such as headaches, eye strain, sedentary habits, or vision impairment, it may be time to turn off your device to take a breather. 
Depression and anxiety are negatively affected by excess screentime. Try to pay attention to your mental health by reducing the amount of time you spend on a digital device. 
Too much screentime can lead to the obstruction of one's ability to interpret emotions and fuel aggressive conduct within oneself. Limit your screentime use to less than 2 hours to minimize the negative effects it has on your psychological health.
Try to take a break from immediately scrolling on a device especially in the night. The artificial light tricks your brain into thinking it's morning leading to the decline of melatonin which hinders your alertness and mood for the next morning. If you're feeling groggy, limit your screentime use before bed. 
If you're sitting in front of a screen for a long duration, try to change focus from near to far every hour or so. This can reduce eye strain as it minimizes the tough period your eyes have when adjusting to long distances after focusing on a screen for too long.
Try to keep in mind that staring at a screen causes you to blink less often contributing to dry eyes. Take a break every 30 min to close your eyes and let them relax to prevent them from drying out. 

