Crushing hydration goals! Keep it up.
Well done staying hydrated! Your body is thriving.
Cheers to staying hydrated! Your body thanks you for keeping it fueled with water today.
Hydration level: expert! Keep sipping on that H2O and nourishing your body from the inside out.
Your body is a hydration powerhouse, and you're the captain steering the ship. Keep sailing smoothly by drinking enough water every day!
High five for hydration!
Making waves with hydration!
Great job drinking your water today!
Hey there! Remember to sip on some water throughout the day to keep yourself hydrated.
Don't forget to drink water today! Your body will thank you for it.
Stay hydrated, friend! Take a break and grab a glass of water to quench your thirst.
Hydration is key! Keep a water bottle handy to remind yourself to drink more.
You've got this! Aim to drink a little more water today and keep your body happy.
Listen to your body's signals and reach for some water when you're feeling thirsty.
Small sips can make a big difference!
Keep hydrated by taking frequent sips throughout the day.
Stay on top of your hydration game! Make it a goal to drink a glass of water with every meal.

Love that you're drinking sufficient amounts of water! Water plays an important role in many bodily functions including protecting your organs and regulating your body temperature.
Try to hydrate yourself more often throughout the day! Water is key in helping maintain your cellular electrolyte balance. 
Drinking water is essential to maintaining good mental health. Medical research has linked hydration status with several mental health condiitoons such as acuity, depression, anxiety, memory, and attention. 
Research denotes that low amounts of water (less than 2 cups a day) places you at higher risk for depression compared to those who drink 5 cups a day. 
Try to increase your water intake to minimize your risk for depression and increase your mental flexibility.
Not drinking enough water leads to dehydration. Dehydration has negative effects on energy, self-esteem, short term memory, and attention. Try to increase your water intake by drinking 2 more cups a day!
Dehyration has negative effects on the body! Try to drink an extra cup of water sometime today. This will help improve your mood, attention, and reaction time. 
If you're having difficulty drinking water duringg the day, consider pairing your meals with water rather than other unhealthy fluids such as soda or juice. 
Keep a reusable water near you at all times to remind yourself to drink more water. This ensures that you get a sufficient amount of water per day. 
Try to keep yourself hydrated throughout the day! You can enhance your water with natural flavors such as a squeeze of citrus or fresh mint to encouraeg intake.
If drinking water as a fluid is difficult, try incorporating water-rich fruits and vegetables such as watermelon, zucchini, grapes, celery, and spinach. 
Did you know that according to the Academy of Nutrition and Dietics that 20% of your daily water intake should come from food? Add water-rich foods to your diet to experience maximum benefits to your health. 
Dehydration doesn't just lead to faitgue and mood changes such as increased irritability or depression. It can lead to the increase of risk for more serious issues such as UTIs, kidney stones, gallstones, and constipation. Make sure to drink more water in a day!
Glad you're staying hydrated! Your body depends on water to survive and perform its normal functions. Keep it up!
You're doing good at staying hydrated during the day! Keep in mind to increase your water intake if you plan to exercise during the day. 
Try to aim for 8 cups of water a day. One way to achieve this is to divide this amount between 3 periods of the day, which would amount to 2-3 cups in the morning, afternoon, and evening. 
Great job at staying hydrated! It promotes less dry skin, healthy bladder and kidney function, and improves digestion. 
Not drinking enough water can negatively affect your mood. Without waterm, the brain doesn't get enough of the amino acid tryptophan to create serotonin negatively affecting your mood. 
Aim to increase your water intake to reduce your risk of developing depression. The combination ofdehydration and reduced serotonin production can increase depression symptoms. 
Aim to stay hydrated to prevent your body from being stressed. Your body's adrenal glands release excess cortisol when dehydrated contributing to a higher heart rate, muscle tension, and an increased feeling of uneasiness. 
Good job at getting a good amount of water intake for your body! Water is super nourishing for the brain and helps reduce negative emotions that you may experience.