Great job taking care of your physical health today!
You did it!! Keep up the fantastic work!
You are a fitness rockstar! Great job :)
You're one step closer to better health with every step you take!
Awesome job! Every step you've taken counts toward your wellness journey.
Amazing progress today. Keep it up!
Your commitment to movement is paying off big time!
You didn't just exercise; you also invested in your health and well-being!
You're building strength both mentally and physically. Keep it up!
Progress is made one workout at a time. Keep up the momentum and celebrate the small wins!
Take care of your body; it's the only place you have to live.
Hey hey, it's time to get moving!
Hey there! Let's get up and get active.
Don't wish for it; work for it!
Let's prioritize your health. Move it or lose it!
Don't forget to exercise today!
Did you know? The only bad workout is the one that doesn't happen ;)
A little progress each day adds up to big results!
Remember, consistency is key when it comes to physical activity. Keep moving!
If you want results, you've got to put in the effort... You can do it!

Try to improve your physical health by increasing your amount of exercise. Aim to get at least 75 min of exercise per week. Then, gradually increase to 150 min per week for maximum health benefits.
Great job at keeping active! Other fun physical activities include riding a bike or aerobics. Try giving these a chance to diversify your exercise routine!
If exercise is difficult for you, try to think of it as a daily activity. This includes walking or just household chores. They require your body to move and can add up to your exercise amount.
Physical activity has a huge potential to enhance our well-being. Even a short 10 minutes of brisk walking helps increase our mental alertness, energy, and positive mood. 
Try to get up and be active! Participation in regular physical activity can increase your self esteem!
If you're feeling stressed or anxious, try going for a 20 min walk or run to reduce your amount of stress and anxiety. 
Prioritize getting sufficient amounts of physical activity. Physical activity has been proven to have a positive impact on our mood. Try to increase your exercise time by 20 min to feel more content and awake after a long period of inactivity. 
Your exercise levels are a bit low. Try to go for low-intensity aerobic exercise for 30 min about 3 days a week to increase enthusiasm and alertness. 
Good for you for prioritizing your physical fitness! Keep up the good work and stay motivated! Don't slack as self management is important. 
If exercising is difficult to incorporate into your daily life, start slow. Gradually build up your ability by setting task goals such as improving stamina rather than big set goals. 
Avoid sitting for long periods of the day. Get up and stretch your body!
Make sure you include muscle-strengthening activities within your exercise routine ~ 2 days a week recommended! It's not just enough to do aerobic activities such as brisk walking or running. 
Try aiming for 75 min of jogging or any other vigorus intensity aerobic physical activity every week to improve your health and reduce the risk of developing serious heart conditions. 
Regular physical activity can improve muscular and cardiorespiratory fitness. Aim to increase your daily exercise amount by 10 min to see better results. 
Try to limit your amounts of sedentary bevior. It can lead to increased adiposity and poorer cardiometabolic health. Get up and go for a run! 
Try to increase your intensity of your workouts to a vigorous intensity aerobic activity. This includes running, cycling, jumpin rope, and swimming. 
Try to space out your exercising throughout the day if you're having difficulty. Multiple 10 min walks throughout the day adds up and helps imporve your physical health.